All right, let's do a quick series of tests around this expiration complete listener.
Inside my order service, I'll find the listeners directory test folder inside there and they'll make
a new file of expiration.
Complete listener tests.
This listener test file once again going to look identical to all the other test files we put together
for our listeners.
So at the very top, we're going to add in a couple of imports for the listener Nats wrapper.
That's actually going to be the Nets rapper Mock, of course.
But then going to build a setup function, do all the kind of data set up, you get the idea business
as usual.
So let's get to it.
At the very top, I'm going to first import the one thing I know that I absolutely need, and that is
the listener.
I'll get my.
Exploration complete listener from up one directory expiration complete.
I'll then build my setup function.
Inside of here.
Well, let's make our instance.
That will be a new exploration complete listener.
And we do have to provide a Nets client to it.
That's the air we're getting right here.
So let's make sure that we import nets.
Rapper.
From up to directories.
Nope.
Three, that's rapper.
And then we can provide Nat's rapper client.
After that, we're going to first build out an order.
We're going to associate it with a ticket so everything is in the right state and then we're going to
save both the order and the ticket to do so.
We do have to get access to the ticket model and the order model.
So let's do that at the top.
I'll get my order from up.
Three Directories.
Models Order.
And then my ticket from up three directories models ticket.
Then down inside of setup, let's first build up our ticket and save it.
They'll say Ticket is ticket build.
This thing will have some title.
Some price.
And remember, we have to provide this thing an ID as well.
They'll give this thing a hardcoded ID, which we're going to generate from Mongoose.
And I really should not refer to that as a hardcoded ID because we are randomly generating it.
We'll throw in here.
Mongoose types object ID to hex string.
Here we go.
We can then save that ticket.
Then we'll build up our order.
So we'll do an order build.
In order is going to get a couple of different properties.
So user IDs, status, all this different stuff.
In this case, we don't really care about the user ID once again, we also don't really care all that
much about expires at because we are canceling an order no matter what whenever we receive that expiration
complete event.
So we could throw in some arbitrary string for expired set?
Without a doubt.
However, the status does need or mean the ticket needs to be a real ticket and status needs to be the
correct status as well.
So we're probably going to have to import that order status from our common module once again.
Let's begin with that up at the top of the file.
So at the top, we will get our order status.
From our common module.
Then on our build statement, we'll plug in a status of order status dot created.
We'll just go through all those other properties.
So we've got a user ID that will be whatever we got it expires at that can be whatever.
And then a ticket, which will be the ticket that we had to find right before.
Now getting an ear around expires at right here oh my mistake needs to be actually be a date not a plane
string.
It's a plane string once we transmit it in our event.
But as we are plugging it into the build method, it does need to be an actual date.
So we'll just make a new date object and throw that in.
That works.
So we can now save that order.
So wait.
Order.
Save.
And that is it for our data level.
So now we can create our actual event.
We'll create the message as well, and we should be good to go.
Let's first create the event.
To do so, we should get the event interface from our common module as well that we will import the
exploration complete event.
And while we're up here, since we know we're going to need it, let's also get that message type.
From the Nats streaming library.
From node net streaming.
So now we can build up our fake data object.
This will be a type order.
The expiration complete event at data.
There we go.
Just so many variable names floating around here.
It definitely does get confusing pretty quickly.
Now, this event, we're expected to provide some order ID property.
And of course, we can mouse over that right there and we will be told that.
So we'll give this thing an order ID, which will come from order ID.
So that is the ID of the order that we just built and saved.
Well, then also create our message.
It'll be uptight message.
And as usual, this is just going to have an EQ function that will be a just mock.
And we're just going to tell TypeScript.
Let it be.
So that's it.
So now we can't take all these variables.
We probably don't really need the ticket to be returned from set up, but we will anyways.
We're going to take basically everything we just created and return it from setup.
So my listener, my order, my ticket data and the message.
And that's our set up function.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
We'll start to write out our actual individual tests in just a moment.